From the time I was in junior high school is very interested in electronics,
so I mastered electronics back when the lot of electronics were
still tube orientated, long before transistors. And then we got into
transistors and I was interested always through, and when they got
in the military I got into a line of work that involved a lot of
technology, that is cryptology. I worked with a lot of electronic gear-
maintaining and repairing and optimizing as we went along. So that
was very useful to me. When I got out of the military I when I first
started back in college they were offering some introductory courses
in computer programming and this was brand new in computers because
there were those times kinds of things before that. But when I
got out of the marine corps went back to university of Colorado where
the first courses I took was a course in fortran four and I was writing
programs on one of Seymour Cray's early supercomputers, a CDC
five hundred and I've been interested in computers ever since.